Agree Agreed They agree often We agreed
yesterday You have agreed on terms Accept
Accepted Accepted
She accepts challenges We accepted the
offer They have accepted defeat Announce
Announced Announced We announce news They
announce changes He has announced winners
Appear Appeared Appeared He appears
confident We appeared suddenly They have
appeared on TV Arrange Arranged Arranged
You arrange meetings
She arranged flowers
We have arranged events Belong Belonged
Belonged We belong here They belong to a
club You have belonged to groups Concern
Concerned Concerned It concerns us It
concerned everyone It has concerned
experts Contain Contained Contained It
contains sugar It contains secrets It has
contained valuables Contribute
Contributed Contributed Contributed They
contribute ideas We contributed money You
have contributed time Develop Developed
Developed Developed Developed We develop
software They developed a plan She has
developed skills T captivas Encour душ We
are Generous Terry I am bae